Update bounty for 1.1.12 contribution game (#920)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/building-wasabi/ContributionGame.md

### v1.1.11

After more than three months of work since the previous major release of v1.1.10, there was yet another contribution game to review the release candidates [v1.1.11rc1](https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.11rc1), [v1.1.11rc2](https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.11rc2).
There were [detailed test vectors](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/3396) to ensure that all the new additions were thoroughly covered in the review.
This contribution game had a total bounty of up to `0.3 bitcoin`, sponsored by zkSNACKs.

The total bounty ended up being distributed to 6 reviewers, see the full results [here](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/3396#issuecomment-610313893).

### v1.1.12

This version is already compatible with the v4 coordinator protocol.
Thus, it is extraordinarily important that the release is thoroughly tested to ensure a smooth hardfork without major bugs.
The [test vectors](https://github.com/zksnacks/walletwasabi/issues/3782) for the [release candidate](https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.12rc1) guide the testers what to focus on in their review.

> This contribution game had a total bounty of up to `0.5 bitcoin`, sponsored by zkSNACKs.
> 
> The total bounty ended up being distributed to 13 reviewers, see the full results [here](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/3782#issuecomment-670464293).

Reviewer: this has twice `total bounty`...

```suggestion
This contribution game had a total budget of up to `0.5 bitcoin`, sponsored by zkSNACKs.

The total bounty ended up being distributed to 13 reviewers, see the full results [here](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/3782#issuecomment-670464293).
```

Reviewer 2: I prefer `bounty` instead of `budget`

This version is already compatible with the v4 coordinator protocol.
Thus, it is extraordinarily important that the release is thoroughly tested to ensure a smooth hardfork without major bugs.
The [test vectors](https://github.com/zksnacks/walletwasabi/issues/3782) for the [release candidate](https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/releases/tag/v1.1.12rc1) guide the testers what to focus on in their review.

> This contribution game had a total bounty of up to `0.5 bitcoin`, sponsored by zkSNACKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contribution game had a total bounty of `0.5 bitcoin`, sponsored by zkSNACKs, and [got paid out to 13 reviewers](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/3782#issuecomment-670464293).
```
